Integrate Presidio CLI (#918)
microsoft/presidio: presidio-cli/README.md

# Presidio CLI

[![PyPI license](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/presidio-cli.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/presidio-cli/)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/presidio-cli.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/presidio-cli)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/graphs/commit-activity)
[![PyPI download month](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/presidio-cli.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/presidio-cli/)
[![PyPI pyversions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/presidio-cli.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/presidio-cli/)

> CLI tool that analyzes text for PII Entities with [Microsoft Presidio framework](https://github.com/microsoft/presidio).

Reviewer: I this this is no longer needed.
```suggestion
CLI tool that analyzes text for PII Entities using Presidio Analyzer.```

## Prerequisities

`Python` version: 3.8, 3.9, 3.10

`pipenv` app installed:

```shell
# check if app is installed
pipenv --version

# install, if not available
pip install pipenv
```

## Install `presidio-cli` in a virtual env

### Install from Python Package Index

install in current python env

```shell
python -m pip install presidio-cli
```

install required apps and presidio-cli in virtual environment

```shell
pipenv install presidio-cli
```

### Install from source

```shell
# clone from git
git clone https://github.com/microsoft/presidio
cd presidio/presidio-cli
# install required apps and presidio-cli
pipenv install --deploy --dev
```

## Install language models for `spaCy`

Load models for the English (en) language using the command presented below. For further information please visit section [models](https://spacy.io/models/en).

```shell

> python -m spacy download en_core_web_sm

Author: I think small alone should be okay.

> python -m spacy download en_core_web_sm

Reviewer 2: The default required by Presidio is the large one (`en_core_web_lg`). We can have the small one but then there's a configuration that needs to be changed.

python -m spacy download en_core_web_lg
```

## Configuration file syntax

The default configuration is taken from the `.presidiocli` file in a current directory.

Configuration file supports the following parameters in a yaml file:

- language - by default only models and recognizers for `en` are available.
 The list of [languages](https://microsoft.github.io/presidio/analyzer/languages/) can be extended.

- entities - limit list of recognized entities to be listed in parameter. It is mapped directly to `presidio framework`.
  List of [supported entities](https://microsoft.github.io/presidio/supported_entities/)

- ignore - list of ignored files/folders/directories based on pattern. It is recommended to ignore `Version Control` files, for example `.git`

Note: a file requires at least one parameter to be set.

An example of yaml configuration file content:

```yaml
---
language: en
ignore: |
  .git
  *.cfg
entities:
  - PERSON
  - CREDIT_CARD
  - EMAIL_ADDRESS

> 

Author: Added that.

# Presidio CLI

[![PyPI license](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/presidio-cli.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/presidio-cli/)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/presidio-cli.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/presidio-cli)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/graphs/commit-activity)
[![PyPI download month](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/presidio-cli.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/presidio-cli/)
[![PyPI pyversions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/presidio-cli.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/presidio-cli/)

> CLI tool that analyzes text for PII Entities using Presidio Analyzer.```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CLI tool that analyzes text for PII Entities using Presidio Analyzer.
```

Configuration file supports the following parameters in a yaml file:

- language - the expected language for PII detection. Default is `en`. For supporting additional languages, see [this documentation](https://microsoft.github.io/presidio/analyzer/languages/)
 The list of [languages](https://microsoft.github.io/presidio/analyzer/languages/) can be extended.

- entities - list of entities to recognize. Maps to the `entities` field in presidio-analyzer. If empty, returns all [supported entities](https://microsoft.github.io/presidio/supported_entities/) for this input language.

>   List of [supported entities](https://microsoft.github.io/presidio/supported_entities/)

Reviewer 2: Please remove (this line is based on the old text)
